in the new video toni today the topic
my plans for the future and what i do
Above all , and yes
So we are there for the wm
qualified and that stands in three
Weeks and until then agile twice
Exercise daily at noon and
once in the evening because we are still in
the vacation money on miami and there wants
I want to be as open as possible
I have a sunday after the
I was killed pretty hard
the next day six kilo heavy and
then on monday i was the whole day
Kleenex and Abensberg are still on their own
Game I was invited to just one
dinner brush very much and today so
since two days is already with the client
sex without problems
I am happy because last year I had
the very opposite I have over one
month chatted every night really
and then my weight jumped in quickly
a month plus seven kilos where I too
no longer bought customers so
killed
and there was too much fat itself
The problem I have now to
Good luck not because I have mine again
goal and just from miami one
to have top form
maybe who knows even better than that
The contest would be pretty funny
I was still looking a lot this morning
kilo heavy after two days sound but
The shape looks pretty much better today
I will not show it to you yet
Do not see them until the end of next week
I have a little surprise
for you and yes my goal is now
pretty lean to build so pretty
I would give myself really hard
and as soon as I'm over twelve, a maximum of 13
percent body fat am i will be back
at ten percent around diets maximum
three weeks with cardio at the moment
I do in the three weeks I do
one to two units just really
to get in top form
Let's see what's going on there I have
pretty much power and yes I'm glad
I simply eat more again
Currently I have 2100 training sessions
calories with from microns 200 grams of grass
and 70 grams of protein around the 50 are like
as always or low carb breakfast and
then the caps are beautiful and the training
and yes I will be as good as possible
support because I'm not up anymore
That's why I am fully motivated
and I am really full of power
I could still remember
not very well get me one
weight
but I could train hard again
It is a great feeling so right
to agree again weight
and at the latest for the fibo I will
maybe make a little diet
nothing special just really that
I am in a good shape for me
I really do not want to do that anymore
wait too hard because I got you at 18
started body fat and goes 16 weeks
without chip - without soft drinks is one
pretty hard shit people and that
I never want to do it again
and I would not do it to anyone
recommend
my plan looks like i have now
Well killed this week I 'll be first
next sunday again a ship with
install
So then regularly once a week
goes - one or two meals with
I just do not necessarily mean jewels
mcdonald's or fast food special
Pasta pasta with the resources
samuel simply that I perhaps
more Chinese than in the day
dietitian
I'll even second only to the legend
the real week is my day
and if I still have one unit then
is the fight for a lunch and
its always after the training and me
I'll be cooking videos again
do
and yes you are curious people we are the
color is still on it was me that goes
very bad way i hope i have
one actually forgive in mine
plans and see you next year again
I do not know very well if it means mine
category definitely gives
otherwise be curious people
very many things to come
and yes, like a thumbs up feedback
as the video found and yes me
I look forward to each of you and
thank you and support people first
Just be so horny I wish you
nice evening adios amigos